.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH DEPUTY 1 "January 10, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
deputy \- Advanced C compiler that enforces type and memory safety
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B deputy
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
Deputy is an advanced C compiler that enforces type and memory safety
in existing C programs.  The programmer must add type annotations that
describe, for example, the bounds of each pointer in terms of other
program variables.  Deputy uses static analysis and run-time checks to
enforce safety based on these annotations.
.PP
Further information and documentation is available at
\fBhttp://deputy.cs.berkeley.edu/\fP.
.SH OPTIONS
The \fBdeputy\fP command is designed to be a drop-in replacement for
\fBgcc\fP, so most of the standard options for \fBgcc\fP should work
as expected.  Further information can be found at the URL above and
by using the following commands:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gcc (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Deputy was written by Jeremy Condit <jcondit@cs.berkeley.edu>, Matthew
Harren <matth@cs.berkeley.edu>, Zachary Anderson <zra@cs.berkeley.edu>,
and George C. Necula <necula@cs.berkeley.edu>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Jeremy Condit <jcondit@cs.berkeley.edu>.
